Boss, aren't you abroad?
Why are you back?
You also said that you would never come back, your grandmonkey will be turned against the sky
What? Boss?
You should say
You tell me.
I said Wang Yimei committed suicide by jumping off a building
Wang Yimei committed suicide by jumping off a building
How is that possible?
Why is that?
As for why, you still don't know?
Cui Yan suspects it is not suicide
Ask the police to open a case for investigation
You cooperate well with the police investigation
After all, he is your client
I got it, boss.
I'm responsible for this.
I will fully cooperate with the investigation
You always do things rashly
It's 30 again this year
32 32 is not small
Forget about other professions
And you are a lawyer
Don't tell me lawyers just fight every day
It's cool, it's over
As a lawyer
You have to be kind.
Because the benevolent have no worries and must have a wise heart
Because wisdom is not confused, you must have a brave heart
Because the brave are not afraid
And you? What else do you have but courage?
What about your kindness?
What about wisdom? What you're playing with is not wisdom at all
Smart at most
I've always been optimistic about you
You have fought countless lawsuits over the years
Also won countless
I have indeed made a great contribution to the law firm
But you've been doing pretty badly lately.
It was desperate to find you when you saw the client
Do you know how much pain they have in their hearts and what can you do for them?
Do you deserve their trust in you?
Thank you Lao Da for teaching
Okay, let's go home.
What!
go home